Andrew
Andrew came to pass in the days of amraphel
came to pass in the days of amraphel
came to pass in the days of amraphel king of shinar arioch king of ellasar
king of shinar arioch king of ellasar
king of shinar arioch king of ellasar Carolee oma king of elam and tidal king
Carolee oma king of elam and tidal king
Carolee oma king of elam and tidal king of nations that they made war with
of nations that they made war with
of nations that they made war with Pyrrha king of soul beitia
Pyrrha king of soul beitia
Pyrrha king of soul beitia king of gomorrah china king of admah
king of gomorrah china king of admah
king of gomorrah china king of admah sameba king of zeboiim and the king of
sameba king of zeboiim and the king of
sameba king of zeboiim and the king of bela that is ZOA all these joined
bela that is ZOA all these joined
bela that is ZOA all these joined together in the valley of Siddim that is
together in the valley of Siddim that is
together in the valley of Siddim that is the salt sea 12 years they served
the salt sea 12 years they served
the salt sea 12 years they served carolien and in the thirteenth year they
carolien and in the thirteenth year they
carolien and in the thirteenth year they rebelled in the fourteenth year
rebelled in the fourteenth year
rebelled in the fourteenth year Carolee OMA and the kings that were with
Carolee OMA and the kings that were with
Carolee OMA and the kings that were with him came and attacked the reef am in
him came and attacked the reef am in
him came and attacked the reef am in Ashtaroth can name the susan in ham the
Ashtaroth can name the susan in ham the
Ashtaroth can name the susan in ham the Eamon in shaver carry a fame and the
Eamon in shaver carry a fame and the
Eamon in shaver carry a fame and the writes in their mountain of seer
writes in their mountain of seer
writes in their mountain of seer as far as elk Peyron which is by the
as far as elk Peyron which is by the
as far as elk Peyron which is by the wilderness then they turned back and
wilderness then they turned back and
wilderness then they turned back and came to an mishpat that is Kalish and
came to an mishpat that is Kalish and
came to an mishpat that is Kalish and attacked all the country of the
attacked all the country of the
attacked all the country of the Amalekites and also the amorite s-- who
Amalekites and also the amorite s-- who
Amalekites and also the amorite s-- who dwelt in has a son tamer and the king of
dwelt in has a son tamer and the king of
dwelt in has a son tamer and the king of sodom the king of gomorrah the king of
sodom the king of gomorrah the king of
sodom the king of gomorrah the king of admah the king of zeboiim and the king
admah the king of zeboiim and the king
admah the king of zeboiim and the king of bela that is ZOA went out and joined
of bela that is ZOA went out and joined
of bela that is ZOA went out and joined together in battle in the valley of
together in battle in the valley of
together in battle in the valley of Siddim against cairo glioma king of Elam
Siddim against cairo glioma king of Elam
Siddim against cairo glioma king of Elam tidal king of nations amraphel king of
tidal king of nations amraphel king of
tidal king of nations amraphel king of shinar and arioch king of ellasar four
shinar and arioch king of ellasar four
shinar and arioch king of ellasar four kings against five
kings against five
kings against five now the valley of Siddim was full of
now the valley of Siddim was full of
now the valley of Siddim was full of asphalt pits
asphalt pits
asphalt pits and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled
and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled
and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled some fell there and the remainder fled
some fell there and the remainder fled
some fell there and the remainder fled to the mountains then they took all the
to the mountains then they took all the
to the mountains then they took all the goods of sodom and gomorrah and all
goods of sodom and gomorrah and all
goods of sodom and gomorrah and all their provisions and went their way they
their provisions and went their way they
their provisions and went their way they also took lot Abrams brothers son who
also took lot Abrams brothers son who
also took lot Abrams brothers son who dwelt in Sodom and his Goods and
dwelt in Sodom and his Goods and
dwelt in Sodom and his Goods and departed then one who had escaped came
departed then one who had escaped came
departed then one who had escaped came and told Abram the Hebrew for he dwelt
and told Abram the Hebrew for he dwelt
and told Abram the Hebrew for he dwelt by the terebinth trees of Mamre the
by the terebinth trees of Mamre the
by the terebinth trees of Mamre the Amorite brother of ESCO and brother of
Amorite brother of ESCO and brother of
Amorite brother of ESCO and brother of Amon and they were allies with Abram now
Amon and they were allies with Abram now
Amon and they were allies with Abram now when Abram heard that his brother was
when Abram heard that his brother was
when Abram heard that his brother was taken captive he armed his 318 trained
taken captive he armed his 318 trained
taken captive he armed his 318 trained servants who were born in his own house
servants who were born in his own house
servants who were born in his own house and went in pursuit
and went in pursuit
and went in pursuit as far as Dan he divided his forces
as far as Dan he divided his forces
as far as Dan he divided his forces against them by night and he and his
against them by night and he and his
against them by night and he and his servants attacked them and pursued them
servants attacked them and pursued them
servants attacked them and pursued them as far as Hoeber which is north of
as far as Hoeber which is north of
as far as Hoeber which is north of Damascus
so he brought back all the goods and
so he brought back all the goods and also brought back his brother lot and
also brought back his brother lot and
also brought back his brother lot and his goods as well as the women and the
his goods as well as the women and the
his goods as well as the women and the people and the king of Sodom went out to
people and the king of Sodom went out to
people and the king of Sodom went out to meet him at the valley of shaveh that is
meet him at the valley of shaveh that is
meet him at the valley of shaveh that is the Kings Valley after his return from
the Kings Valley after his return from
the Kings Valley after his return from the defeat of Cairo glioma and the Kings
the defeat of Cairo glioma and the Kings
the defeat of Cairo glioma and the Kings who were with him then Melchizedek king
who were with him then Melchizedek king
who were with him then Melchizedek king of Salem brought out bread and wine he
of Salem brought out bread and wine he
of Salem brought out bread and wine he was the priest of God Most High and He
was the priest of God Most High and He
was the priest of God Most High and He blessed him blessed be Abram of God Most
blessed him blessed be Abram of God Most
blessed him blessed be Abram of God Most High possessor of heaven and earth and
High possessor of heaven and earth and
High possessor of heaven and earth and blessed be God Most High who has
blessed be God Most High who has
blessed be God Most High who has delivered your enemies into your hand
delivered your enemies into your hand
delivered your enemies into your hand and he gave him a tithes of all now the
and he gave him a tithes of all now the
and he gave him a tithes of all now the king of Sodom said to Abram give me the
king of Sodom said to Abram give me the
king of Sodom said to Abram give me the persons and take the goods for yourself
persons and take the goods for yourself
persons and take the goods for yourself but Abram said to the king of Sodom I
have raised my hand
have raised my hand the Lord God Most High the possessor of
the Lord God Most High the possessor of
the Lord God Most High the possessor of heaven and earth that I will take
heaven and earth that I will take
heaven and earth that I will take nothing from a thread to a sandal strap
nothing from a thread to a sandal strap
nothing from a thread to a sandal strap and that I will not take anything that
and that I will not take anything that
and that I will not take anything that is yours lest you should say I have made
is yours lest you should say I have made
is yours lest you should say I have made abram rich except only with the young
abram rich except only with the young
abram rich except only with the young men of Eden and the portion of the men
men of Eden and the portion of the men
men of Eden and the portion of the men who went with me
who went with me
who went with me Ishq on the memory let them take their
Ishq on the memory let them take their
Ishq on the memory let them take their portion